documentation/index.rst, before:

OctopusViewer user manual
=========================

OctopusViewer gathers all your Omeka S media in a lightweight viewer.
It's intended to be used as a replacement of other viewers like UniversalViewer
or Mirador.

Motivation
----------

UniversalViewer and Mirador are great tools but they come with some limitations
when using them in Omeka S:

* They require a IIIF Presentation manifest, which often means an additional
  module should be installed
* They support only a subset of Omeka S media types
* They are not easy to customize in Omeka S themes

The goals of OctopusViewer are:

* it should be able to display all types of media, falling back to a sensible
  default when a media cannot be rendered in a browser
* it should use as few external dependencies as possible, favoring the
  tools that are already available on an empty Omeka S installation (like
  OpenSeadragon)
* it should require no additional Omeka S modules, but should be extensible by
  them
* it should be easily customizable in Omeka S themes

Features
--------

* A viewer split into 3 panels:

  * the left panel contains a media selector
  * the center panel renders the media
  * the right panel displays metadata for the currently selected media

* Images are displayed within OpenSeadragon, allowing to zoom, rotate, and flip images
* An optional IIIF Image server can be used
* PDF files are displayed with the browser's built-in PDF viewer, if it exists.
  If the browser doesn't support PDF (like in most mobile browsers), pdfjs is
  used.
* Fullscreen mode

Installation
------------

See general end user documentation for
`installing a module <http://omeka.org/s/docs/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules>`_.

License
-------

OctopusViewer is distributed under the GNU General Public License, version 3. The
full text of this license is given in the ``LICENSE`` file.

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   configuration
   iiif-image-servers
   embed

.. toctree::
   :caption: Theme
   :hidden:
   :glob:

   theme/*

.. toctree::
   :caption: Development
   :hidden:
   :glob:

   development/*

Commit message:

Make it clear that Octopus is not a IIIF viewer

documentation/index.rst, after:

OctopusViewer user manual
=========================

OctopusViewer gathers all your Omeka S media in a lightweight viewer.
It's intended to be used as a replacement of other viewers like UniversalViewer
or Mirador.

However, unlike UniversalViewer and Mirador, OctopusViewer is not a IIIF
viewer. In order to use IIIF manifests with OctopusViewer, they should be added
to Omeka S as "IIIF presentation" media (requires Omeka S 4.0.0 or higher).

Motivation
----------

UniversalViewer and Mirador are great tools but they come with some limitations
when using them in Omeka S:

* They require a IIIF Presentation manifest, which often means an additional
  module should be installed
* They support only a subset of Omeka S media types
* They are not easy to customize in Omeka S themes

The goals of OctopusViewer are:

* it should be able to display all types of media, falling back to a sensible
  default when a media cannot be rendered in a browser
* it should use as few external dependencies as possible, favoring the
  tools that are already available on an empty Omeka S installation (like
  OpenSeadragon)
* it should require no additional Omeka S modules, but should be extensible by
  them
* it should be easily customizable in Omeka S themes

Features
--------

* A viewer split into 3 panels:

  * the left panel contains a media selector
  * the center panel renders the media
  * the right panel displays metadata for the currently selected media

* Images are displayed within OpenSeadragon, allowing to zoom, rotate, and flip images
* An optional IIIF Image server can be used
* PDF files are displayed with the browser's built-in PDF viewer, if it exists.
  If the browser doesn't support PDF (like in most mobile browsers), pdfjs is
  used.
* Fullscreen mode

Installation
------------

See general end user documentation for
`installing a module <http://omeka.org/s/docs/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules>`_.

License
-------

OctopusViewer is distributed under the GNU General Public License, version 3. The
full text of this license is given in the ``LICENSE`` file.

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   configuration
   iiif-image-servers
   embed

.. toctree::
   :caption: Theme
   :hidden:
   :glob:

   theme/*

.. toctree::
   :caption: Development
   :hidden:
   :glob:

   development/*
